Title: Dr. Michael DiMattina

Biography
Dr. Michael DiMattina founded Dominion Fertility in 1987 and has been a leader in reproductive medicine for over three decades. He performed the first successful Natural Cycle IVF procedure in the Washington, D.C. area in 2007 and holds numerous "firsts" in reproductive medicine, including the region's first GIFT, ZIFT, and ICSI procedures. Dr. DiMattina is board-certified in Obstetrics and Gynecology and subspecialty certified in Reproductive Endocrinology and Infertility.
Dr. DiMattina is recognized for his innovative work in Preimplantation Genetic Testing (PGT) and his dedication to helping patients overcome repetitive embryo implantation failure. His commitment to advancing the field is reflected in his numerous accomplishments, including over 50% clinical pregnancy rates using IVF with PGT across all age groups from 2016 to 2019.
‍
Location(s)
Arlington, VA
‍
Bethesda, MD
Education
Undergraduate
: Bachelor of Science in Chemistry, Summa Cum Laude, American University, Washington, D.C.
Medical School
: Medical College of Virginia, Doctor of Medicine
Residency
: Obstetrics and Gynecology, Georgetown University, Washington, D.C.
Fellowship
: Reproductive Endocrinology and Infertility, Georgetown University & NIH/King’s College Hospital, London, England
‍
Awards
First GIFT, ZIFT, IVF, and ICSI procedures in the Washington, D.C., and Arlington areas
Innovator of freeze-all embryo policy with IVF/PGT in the D.C. area (2016)
Over 50% clinical pregnancy rate using IVF with PGT (2016–2019)
Published research on Embryo Receptivity Assay (ERA) in
Microbiome
(2022)
Upcoming publication on "non-invasive PGT" (2023)
Consistently listed as “The Top Infertility Doctor in the Washington, D.C. area” by
Washingtonian Magazine
Expertise
In vitro fertilization (IVF)
Natural Cycle IVF
Preimplantation Genetic Testing (PGT)
Treatment for repetitive embryo implantation failure
‍
Personal
Dr. DiMattina is a Clinical Associate Professor at Georgetown University Medical Center and has taught OB/GYN medical students and residents since 1986. He is also an international lecturer on infertility treatments and co-author of
100 Questions and Answers about Infertility
. Dr. DiMattina sees patients in Dominion Fertility’s Arlington and Bethesda offices, continuing his lifelong dedication to advancing reproductive medicine and patient care.